## Expand
1. It is important to put thought into your IDs and Classes when it comes to technology intersections because it is beneficial to understand how the different Classes
   and IDs interact with eachother. It is also important to keep strong naming conventions to understand the purpose of each ID and Class within CSS, HTML, and JS.
2. Data attributes are non-visual attributes that can be applied to HTML elements. They can be useful when someone wants to associate extra information with an element.
You can access in JS them by using `querySelector` to get the full element and `(element name).dataset.(data attribut name without "data-")`. The implication of using Data attributes is that it can be confusing to sift through the fata if there is both microdata and Data attributes.
3. DOM Fragments are created using the `CreateDocumentFragment()` method and are used to create DOM trees that are seperate from the main DOM tree. They are powerful because they are lightweight which means they can speed up the DOM.
4. The point of "Virtual DOM" is to create a virtual and lightweight representation of the DOM. The benefit of this is that each time an update is made, the virtual representation of the DOM gets updated instead of the actual DOM. This means that modifying the virtual DOM is faster than the actual DOM. The downsize of the virtual DOM is that having another representation of the DOM can lead to higher memory usage and it also is harder to integrate other frameworks.
5. Class cannot be used to reference an object in JS because it is a 'reserved' word unlike other attributes in JS. Therefore the workaround to this is to use `className` instead.
6. The difference between using addEventListener() and onClick() is that while addEventListener() can add multiple event handlers to a single element, onClick() can only add a single event handler (if another event is added it will be overwritten). An advantage to addEventLister() is that multiple event handlers can be added but a disadvantage is that the function does not work for some older internet browsers. An advantage to onClick() is that it can also be implemented as an HTML attribute but a disadvantage is that it will be overwritten if multiple events are added to a single element.

   
